Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
Thanks for tuning back in. on today's episode, we're excited to have Joe Mazziata reading Psalm 142 as part of our Psalms Project journey.
Hi, I'm Joe Mazziata.
Please join me in reading Psalm 142.
With my voice I cry out to the Lord.
With my voice I plead for mercy to the Lord.
I pour out my complaint before him.
I tell my trouble before him.
When my spirit faints within me, you know my way.
in the path where I walk.
They're hidden in a trap for me.
Look to the right and see.
There is none.
Who takes notice of me.
No refuge remains to me.
No one cares for my soul.
I cry to you, O Lord.
I say,
You are my refuge.
My portion in the land of the living.
Attend to my cry.
For I am brought very low.
Deliver me from my persecutors.
For they are too strong for me.
Bring me out of prison.
that I may give thanks.
To your name.
The righteous
Will surround me.
For you will deal bountifully with me.
As i read through psalms 142
A couple things stood out to me.
As I recall, this was a period where David was being chased.
He actually was
Held up in a cave
with his armies.
Greatly outnumbered,
And,
and outmanned
And truly trapped.
This is a time where David's pleading
The first thing I noticed, however, is that David had
Seems to be in a real
Self-centered mode
It's all about him.
Nobody likes him, almost a pity party.
The fact that he has 600 of his
Faithful troops with them doesn't play into this story. it's all about him.
I'm bothered by that a little bit. I'm also bothered by the fact that he
seems to be pleading to Jesus.
and God for
Relief from this this strain and get him out of this situation
And he's putting conditions on his praise for the Lord. If you get me out of this,
fix, I will then praise you.
and.
that bothers me as well I've always felt that you know the Lord isn't one to
To be put in, given any conditional love.
You should praise them whether things are going well and when things are going poorly as well.
I think that we all have done this and we continue to do this. This is an example of how Psalms
Really is about real people going through real emotions.
And even those that we look to
in history as great people such as David had the same emotions that we all go through on a regular basis now.
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast. Thank you.